# mkid-obs-simulator

Code to simulate the expected signal-to-noise of an MKID at a given astronomincal site. Code was ported to Python by Miro Cafolla and is based on original code by B. Mazin with modifications by K. O'Brien.

run.py is the running file. Just run it to get the output.

select_parameters.py and reader.py allow the user to decide which parameter file to use (or create a new one) and import it. reader.py depends on the output of select_parameters.py, that is the name of the file where all the parameters are. reader.py is used by almost all the other modules.

sky.py uses reader.py and gives you the flux from the sky.
load.filter.py uses reader.py and returns the effect of a filter.
generatespectra.py uses reader.py and load filter.py.It returns the convolution of the filter with a spectrum from an object of given spectral type and magnitude .
simulkid uses reader.py and needs as inputs a spectra array (generated by generatespectra.py) and a sky flux array (generated by sky.py). It returns according to the user’ s decision either the SNR or the SNR and the arrays containing the photons from the object and the sky photons per wavelength.
contourplot.py needs as inputs a spectra array (generated by generatespectra.py) and a sky flux array (generated by sky.py) and uses simulatekid.py to calculates a contour plot of SNR, magnitude vs exposure time.
Information about the python geminga folder.

modules to load folder contains the following modules:

a. compabmag.py returns the absolute magnitude of a spectrum specified in ergs/s/cm^2/Angstrom.

b. contourplot.py calculates a contour plot of SNR, magnitude vs exposure time 

c extractinterpol.py allows to get numerical values from a txt file and get the interpolated data over a    	new range.

d. fundconstants.py contains all the fundamental constants needed (Planck’s, speed of light and 	Boltzmann)
e. generatespectra.py returns the spectra of an object of specified spectral type and magnitude.

f. loadfilter.py loads a filter data file and returns the flux through it

g. palkid.py returns the number of photons arriving on the detector after considering atmosphere effects, bouncing around the telescope and the pass-band filter effects. A fudge optics factor is also taken into account.

h. photons.py returns the number of photons at the top of the atmosphere from a Vmag

i. reader.py allows to read the parameters from the parameter file and is needed by all the other  	modules which use parameters

j. select_parameters. py is called at the beginning of run.py and allows the user to choose which parameter file to use or to create a new one.
